{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh13980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf0 >>Name: Kefang Ning\
>>Title: Boucing History\
>>Data source: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/best_sellers_api/"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.nytimes.com/docs/best_sellers_api/}}\
\
>>Borrowed code:\
Since the jumping part is the hardest part for me in this project. I looked the "move on curves" code in processing example and figured out how to draw curve path based on exponent functions:\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.processing.org/examples/movingoncurves.html"}}{\fldrslt https://www.processing.org/examples/movingoncurves.html}}\
\
>>Story:\
Experiment of making "living" simple linear data to arouse viewers' interests in order to give a fun experience in exploring the changing selling rank history of book lately. \
\
>>How I found story\
What has drawn my attention is the big ranking changes of a book over time. I thought a book's selling history would be quite smooth from heat to silent(depend on the PR activities when book start to sell). But the data says no. Obviously there is drama during the rank history changes. And people are not really care how the selling rank changes. This is the start point. I focus on rank and date, since the data is pretty simple and clear. From data I learned that selling book is no easy.. And when books first hit the number 1 in rank history, it experience some big changes before finally fade away by time gradually. This book was a bestseller book once.\
\
>>Description\
It is almost my first sight about how the history "play" in my mind. I see books store energy and jump into high position and then feel proud until fall down to lower rank and store energy again to start a new round. Finally, it use up all energy and just let itself falling. Very tragedy scene. And I fell the living movement help people synchronism with the book. May be increase their interests to view the history of books or even start to read the book which experienced or is experiencing such scene. \
Though it looks like a fun move version of linear graphic, I think the fun part is the core of data visualization. People want to see things more directly and simple in the age when everyone drown into the ocean of information. This also explains the popularity of minimalism. And I think this is how data visualization makes sense -- it helps people drag out the most important thing(though picked by designers). At least someone picked them and making them into something people understand quickly. Linear data is also simple and clear, but I want people really understand each moment of the process of how the book get to the current position. This is how I see the history.\
\
>>Hope\
I expect people start to image about the back story of a book's selling rank changes. Data are dead but human's imagine are alive. I want them to see data as alive information and hints that inspire them to think of other things that really relate to themselves. In this way the data experienced individual's process and become their own knowledge. in this project, I also want people to explore the detail data of the books. Thus I create surprise moment: when mouse hover the moving ball at their "jump" point, the background changes ad circles enlarges and go out of screen.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}